#Trivial Updates to README.me files. (#641)
justeat/fozzie-components: packages/components/atoms/f-form-field/README.md

[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/justeat/f-form-field/badge.svg)](https://coveralls.io/github/justeat/f-form-field)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/justeat/f-form-field/badge.svg?targetFile=package.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/justeat/f-form-field?targetFile=package.json)

---

## Usage

### Installation

Install the module using NPM or Yarn:

```sh
yarn add @justeat/f-form-field
```

```sh
npm install @justeat/f-form-field
```

### Vue Applications

You can import it in your Vue SFC like this (please note that styles have to be imported separately):

```js
import FormField from '@justeat/f-form-field';
import '@justeat/f-form-field/dist/f-form-field.css';

export default {
    components: {
        FormField
    }
}
```

> If you are using Webpack, you can import the component dynamically to separate the `mega-modal` bundle from the main `bundle.client.js`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using Webpack, you can import the component dynamically to separate the `form-field` bundle from the main `bundle.client.js`:
```

```js
import '@justeat/f-form-field/dist/f-form-field.css';

export default {
    components: {
        // …
        FormField: () => import(/* webpackChunkName: "form-field" */ '@justeat/f-form-field')
    }
}
```

## Configuration

### Props

There may be props that allow you to customise its functionality.

The props that can be defined are as follows (if any):

| Prop  | Type  | Default | Description |
| ----- | ----- | ------- | ----------- |

> ### CSS Classes

Reviewer: This section (CSS Classes) won't ever apply to form-field so it can be removed. Just for reference, we only expose classes in specific circumstances, so I think the modal is one of the only components we do this in.

Author: I left the empty table there because it shows it's not forgotten about, it's just empty.

Reviewer: I don't think we'll use this in 90%* of the components (it's definitely not something we recommend doing, as we want to encapsulate the styles) – it's an edge case in the modal as they needed to style it in certain contexts.

* statistic made up
